expand faqs about Nextcloud (#19005)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/file-management/file-management-faq/README.md

## Is there a virus scanner for the files attachments in OpenProject?

Yes, there is a virus scanner for attachments in OpenProject. At the moment it is only available for on-premises installations and is an Enterprise add-on. Your system administrator will need to [configure it first](../../../system-admin-guide/files/attachments/virus-scanning/).

## Is Nextcloud integration a part of Community or Enterprise edition?

The integration between OpenProject and Nextcloud is part of the open source and free of charge **Community edition**, including all file management functionalities. 

> Note that using this integration via OpenID Connect Identity Provider is an Enterprise Add-on and can only be used with Enterprise cloud or Enterprise on-premises. It is available for all installations under the [Enterprise Corporate plan](https://www.openproject.org/pricing/). 

Author: ```suggestion
However, please note that setting up the Single Sign-on via OpenID Connect Identity Provider is an Enterprise Add-on and can only be used with [Enterprise cloud](https://www.openproject.org/docs/enterprise-guide/enterprise-cloud-guide) or [Enterprise on-premises](https://www.openproject.org/docs/enterprise-guide/enterprise-on-premises-guide). This Add-On is available for all installations under the [Enterprise Corporate plan](https://www.openproject.org/pricing/). 
```
